[Music]
while there is a lot to say about mortal
kombat mortal kombat 2021 is a reboot of
the mortal kombat franchise so
everything you need to know about mortal
kombat will all be clarified in this
explanation so there is a total of eight
realms in mortal combat out of which we
will know about three realms in this
movie the first realm is the earth
itself means earth realm the second is
the outworld and the third realm is the
nether realm that is hell of the mortal
combat world the current boss of
outworld shang tsung wants to defeat the
champions on earth to take over the
earth because as per the rules of mortal
combat if you want to win on any realm
then you have to win from the champion
of that realm every champion has a
special power of their own which they
call arcana so the movie begins in 17th
century japan where we see hanzo hasashi
and his family including his wife his
son and a newly born daughter hanzo
hisashi was the leader of his clan and
his clan always protected him and his
family now here hanzo goes to get water
from a nearby well and his wife and
children are in the house only then in
hanzo's absence there comes an outworld
assassin named b han whose job was to
kill the champion of the earth hanzo he
comes there with his clan and attacks
hanzo's clan as well as his family but
somehow hanzo's wife hides her daughter
only then bihan comes there and asks his
wife about hanzo but his wife doesn't
tell him anything here hanzo senses
bihan's presence and understands that
his family's life is in danger he
reaches his house but by then it was too
late bihan had killed his wife and child
by freezing them with ice hanzo becomes
furious at the death of his family and
starts killing b han's clan one by one
hanzo kills all his men after this bihan
appears in front of him they have a very
dangerous fight in which they give each
other a tough fight but bihan somehow
manages to defeat hanzo and before dying
hanzo tells bihan to remember his face
with this bihan kills hanzo with hanzo's
own blade and leaves from there but
after some time we get to know that
hanzo is still alive and he somehow
tries to go to his daughter but then he
dies and also his body catches fire and
he vanishes to hell that is in
netherrealm after this comes lord raiden
the god of lightning who is the
protector of the earth realm he takes
hanzo's daughter who was the only
hanzo's heir with him the story then
comes to the present where we learn that
outworld has won nine out of ten mortal
combat tournaments in a row and now with
just one win outworld will rule the
earth realm now the leader of the
outworld shang tsung orders his champion
to find and kill earthrealm's champions
who have the dragon mark on them so that
when the mortal combat tournament begins
earth realms will have no option to win
after this we see a mma fighter named
cole young on earth who is living a
normal life with his wife and daughter
but he always had visions of hanzo but
he did not know why all this is
happening to him now shang tsung orders
b han who now calls himself sub-zero
after which sub-zero arrives on earth to
kill earth's champion cole cole is
unaware that he has been selected as a
champion of earth realm well here
sub-zero attacks cole and his family
with his power but then at the last
moment special forces agent jax comes
there and saves them he is also a
champion because he also has a dragon
mark on his body which he got when he
killed a man with dragonmark during a
mission due to which his dragonmark was
transferred to his body he takes them
away but it was not so easy to get rid
of sub-zero so jax asks cole to take his
car and go to his friend sonia and jack
himself stops there to fight with
sub-zero so that cole can get time to
escape but sub-zero was too strong so he
breaks jack's hands by freezing them and
leaves him there to die on the other
hand cole leaves his family at home and
meets jack's companion sonja at her
place where sonja tells him about the
history of mortal kombat and tells
whoever has the dragon marks has been
chosen as the champions of the earth and
if someone kills a person with a dragon
mark then his dragon mark transfers to
the person who killed him now cole does
not believe in all these things but
sonia tells that he has not been
attacked just like that but the reason
for this is the dragon's mark on his
body that's when we see that sonja has
tied a man named kano there because kano
had killed a champion which had
transferred a dragon mark on him that is
he is now a champion too while cole and
sonia are still talking about mortal
kombat shang tsung's reptile monster who
is named saizoth suddenly appears to
kill them and had the power to disappear
sonia injures saizoth with her knife and
kano meanwhile frees himself by melting
his handcuffs with saisoth saliva which
was like acid with this kano helps them
fight saizoth and straightaway kills
saizoth by inserting his hand into
seisoth's chest and taking out his heart
after this cole sonja and kano then
decide to leave for lord raiden's temple
but kano flatly refuses to go then sonja
lures him 3 million
after which kano agrees but he did not
know that sonia was lying to him about 3
million
well they now head to the temple of
raiden where all the champions of earth
are trained now as soon as they reach
there they first meet lou kong and then
with kung lao they also meet jax there
who now has iron hands seeing which jax
is not happy at all raiden is very
disappointed to see them now because
there was not much time left for the
tournament and these guys did not have
any special power then shang tsung comes
there with his team to kill all the
champions before the tournament but it
was wrong to do so raiden protects the
entire temple with a shield so that no
warrior of the shang sung can get inside
shang tsung goes back by saying that
this trick will not work for long now
after this both the cousins kung lao and
lu kong start training cole kano and jax
so that they can get their power that is
arcana because without them no champion
was of any use and kung lao and lu kong
had already achieved their arcana now
sonia also wanted to be a part of their
team but she is kept away from the
training ground because her body did not
have a dragon mark on the very first day
of training cole and kano give up
because they can't stand in front of
them while sonia starts training jax on
how to use his artificial hands when
they were having meals kano asks kung
lao to pass the egg roll to which kung
lao starts telling him that he is like a
dog who is not able to do his training
properly kano gets very angry after
hearing this and he starts saying bad
things to everyone due to which kano's
anger touches the sky and one of his
eyes starts turning red after which a
laser beam comes out of his eye that is
because of this fight kano's arcana was
unleashed he got his power but cole and
jax still had to unlock their power now
cole tells raiden that he probably won't
be able to help because he doesn't have
any special powers and the dragon mark
he has is also by birth hearing this
raiden tells him that he is a descendant
of a great warrior hanzo hasashi and
that the little girl he saved was his
ancestor because of which the blood of
hisashi is running inside him but cole
says that he has to protect his family
after which raiden opens a portal
through which cole returns to his family
to his home on the other hand shang
tsung was planning to attack the raiden
temple but breaking that shield was not
so easy that's why cabal who was a
warrior of shang tsung says that if we
include kano in our team then champions
of earth can be easily defeated they do
the same after which cabal takes the
opportunity to go outside raiden temple
and lures kano that if he joins their
team he can get everything he wants
hearing this the greedy kano agrees to
cabal and breaks the shield of the
temple after which shang tsung and its
team reach there now shang tsung orders
his warriors to kill everyone natara a
shang tsung's warrior tries to kill kung
lao but kung lao kills her with his hat
here kano attacks sonja and jax on the
other side we see that cole is with his
wife and daughter but there comes a
shang tsung's warrior guro who was a
huge four-handed monster he attacks cole
and tries to kill him but to save him
his wife attacks girl with an axe after
which guro is about to kill his wife but
before that cole unlocks his arcana
after which his body gets covered with
an armor and then he becomes very
powerful cole stands up and attacks guro
there is a long fight between the two
after which cole makes a weapon with his
armor and with the same weapon he first
cuts one of goro's hands and then kills
him by cutting and tearing him apart
just then a portal opens their back to
the raiden temple after which cole says
that he has to go because it's not over
yet here molina was about to kill sonia
but before that she comes to know that
sonja is just a common person and she
does not have any dragon mark that is
why she leaves from there leaving sonja
live but kano uses his laser beam to
drop a stone from an idol on sonia in
which she gets buried jax tries hard to
lift the stone to save her but he did
not have the strength to lift that stone
he feels very bad about this and starts
getting very angry after which suddenly
his arcana also wakes up and he gets
very powerful arms after which he very
easily lifts that big stone and throws
it then cole and lord raiden reach there
raiden now teleports everyone to the
void to save all the champions but then
sub-zero hits cole and stops him from
leaving in kung lao intervenes to save
him and saves cole with his hat
now cole escapes but shang tsung pours
his anger on kung lao and begins to eat
kung lao's soul and the rest of the
champions are unable to do anything to
save kung lao after this the remaining
people get teleported to void everyone
is feeling very sad about kung lao's
death jax asks lord raiden that he is a
lord so why didn't he save kung lao to
which raiden tells them that all the
gods can't join the fight between any
two realms his job is to protect earth
realm but he can't save all the people
of earth that's when cole says that
everything is not over yet and that they
will fight and defeat them raiden then
gives coal the ancestral blade of
hasashi's that is kanai and says that
hanzo's spirit will definitely help him
now cole makes a plan he says that they
will fight separately from all those
warriors and after that all together
will face sub-zero as he is the most
powerful now according to this plan lord
raiden teleports them all to the
outworld their cole faces molina liu
kong faces cabal and jax faces raco
their fight goes on for a long time in
which lu kong and jax manage to kill
their respective opponents on the other
hand in earth realm sonia comes to kill
kano because he betrayed them and he was
not even worthy of the dragon mark now
here kano was overpowering her but sonia
was also a capable soldier of the
special forces so easily she was not
going to give up she somehow manages to
kill kano after which his dragon mark
was now entitled sonia so she gets
kano's dragon mark and now she was also
a champion now she comes straight to the
outworld after which she helps cole and
kills molina with her power when shang
tsung learns that most of his warriors
are killed he sends sub-zero to earth to
kill cole's family after which he
kidnaps cole's family and freezes them
in the ice now cole comes to the place
where his family was kidnapped but
luckily sub-zero had not killed them yet
he starts trying to get both of them out
of the ice after which sub-zero attacks
coal and a fight starts between them but
sub-zero was too powerful and he hits
coal a lot but only then he remembers
hanzo's blade and attacks sub-zero with
it
sub-zero gets shocked seeing hanzo's
blade and he tries to kill coal with the
same blade but this causes cole's blood
to fall on the blade after which hanzo's
soul is freed from hell and comes to
earth realm and now hanzo had become
scorpion that is much more powerful than
before well scorpion starts fighting
with sub-zero and asks him that do you
remember this face now both cole and
scorpion start fighting with sub-zero
and finally scorpion burns sub-zero in
the fire of hell because scorpion had
got control of hellfire by staying in
hell scorpion frees cole's daughter and
wife from the ice and tells cole to take
care of his bloodline after which
scorpion leaves from there then the rest
of the champions and lord raiden also
arrive there and suddenly shang tsung
also reaches there now all his warriors
were killed so he starts sending his
warrior's body to the outworld and says
that next time he will return again with
his army before hearing more chatter
raiden makes a lightning attack on him
after which shang tsung runs away from
there after this raiden tells all the
champions that we have won this battle
but the coming battle will be even more
dangerous than this so we have to be
ready for which we will have to collect
more warriors now we see that cole is
going to hollywood at the behest of
raiden to find johnny cage because
perhaps he has also been chosen as the
champion of earth that is he must have a
dragon mark on his body too and the
movie ends here thanks for watching
please do not forget to like comment and
subscribe
you